feat: 50_testing-free.md (#372)
dialoguemd/covid-19: src/regions/ca/info/faq/50_testing-free.md

> ## Do we know if quebec/other provinces are providing COVID19 testing free of charge outside of having provincial plan coverage? i.e. international people temporarily here or living in canada who would need to get tested will be able to do so without having to pay out of pocket?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Do we know if quebec/other provinces are providing COVID-19 testing free of charge outside of having provincial plan coverage? i.e. international people temporarily here or living in canada who would need to get tested will be able to do so without having to pay out of pocket?
```
